CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to xplore

Thank you for taking the time to lend a hand with the **xplore** project ❤️

There are several ways you can help the project out:

* [Contributing code](#contributing-code)
* [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
* [Feature Requests and Ideas](#feature-requests-and-ideas)

## How Can I Contribute?

### Contributing Code

A lot of our code comes from pull requests sent by the developer community. Here is how you can contribute too:

- [x] Open the [Xplore GitHub page](https://github.com/DAVFoundation/xplore) and click the ★ Star and then ⑂ Fork buttons.
- [x] Start a local Ethereum testnet on your machine by installing dav-cli (`npm install -g dav-cli`) and starting it (`dav-cli -s`). If you do not have a local testnet, you won't see any data in Xplore
- [x] Clone a copy to your local machine with `$ git clone git@github.com:YOUR-GITHUB-USER-NAME/xplore.git`
- [x] Run `npm install` to install all of its dependencies
- [x] Run `npm start` to build the Xplore project and start a local server
- [x] Visit http://localhost:3333/ to see your local copy of Xplore in action
- [x] Now, code, code, code.
- [x] Commit your local changes by using `$ git commit -m "nice detailed message here..."`
- [x] Once you've made sure all your changes work correctly and have been committed, push your local changes back to github with `$ git push -u origin master`
- [x] Visit your fork on GitHub.com ([https://github.com/YOUR-USER-NAME/xplore](https://github.com/YOUR-USER-NAME/xplore)) and create a pull request for your changes.
- [x] Makes sure your pull request describes exactly what you changed and if it relates to an open issue, reference that issue (just include the issue number in the title like this: #49)

#### Important:

* Please stick to the project's existing coding style. Coding styles don't need to have a consensus, they just need to be consistent :smile:
* Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository. Your branch should be based on the `master` branch
* When submitting a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/), please elaborate as much as possible about the change, your motivation for the change, etc.


### Reporting Bugs

Bugs are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues). If you found a bug with xplore, the quickest way to get help would be to look through existing open and closed [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues?q=is%3Aissue). If the issue is already being discussed and hasn't been resolved yet, you can join the discussion and provide details about the problem you are having. If this is a new bug, please open a [new issue](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues/new).

When you are creating a bug report, please include as much detail as possible.

* Fill in the predefined template provided.
* Use a clear and descriptive title for the issue to identify the problem.
* Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem. Share the relevant code to reproduce the issue if possible.
* Try to isolate the issue as much as possible, reducing unrelated code until you get to the minimal amount of code in which the bug still reproduces. This is the most important step to help the community solve the issue.

### Feature Requests and Ideas

We track discussions of new features, proposed changes, and other ideas as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues). If you would like to discuss one of those, please first look through existing open and closed [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues?q=is%3Aissue) and see if there is already a discussion on this topic which you can join. If there isn't, please open a [new issue](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues/new).

When discussing new ideas or proposing changes, please take the time to be as descriptive as possible about the topic at hand. Please take the time to explain the issue you are facing, or the problem you propose to solve in as much detail as possible.

Commit message:

Updated CONTRIBUTING.md with installation steps for Windows

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to xplore

Thank you for taking the time to lend a hand with the **xplore** project ❤️

There are several ways you can help the project out:

* [Contributing code](#contributing-code)
* [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
* [Feature Requests and Ideas](#feature-requests-and-ideas)

## How Can I Contribute?

### Contributing Code

A lot of our code comes from pull requests sent by the developer community. Here is how you can contribute too:

- [x] Open the [Xplore GitHub page](https://github.com/DAVFoundation/xplore) and click the ★ Star and then ⑂ Fork buttons.
- [x] Start a local Ethereum testnet on your machine by installing dav-cli (`npm install -g dav-cli`) and starting it (`dav-cli -s`). If you do not have a local testnet, you won't see any data in Xplore
- [x] Clone a copy to your local machine with `$ git clone git@github.com:YOUR-GITHUB-USER-NAME/xplore.git`
- [x] Run `npm install` to install all of its dependencies. If your run Windows and encounter issues, check [Windows installation fix](#windows-installation-fix)
- [x] Run `npm start` to build the Xplore project and start a local server
- [x] Visit http://localhost:3333/ to see your local copy of Xplore in action
- [x] Now, code, code, code.
- [x] Commit your local changes by using `$ git commit -m "nice detailed message here..."`
- [x] Once you've made sure all your changes work correctly and have been committed, push your local changes back to github with `$ git push -u origin master`
- [x] Visit your fork on GitHub.com ([https://github.com/YOUR-USER-NAME/xplore](https://github.com/YOUR-USER-NAME/xplore)) and create a pull request for your changes.
- [x] Makes sure your pull request describes exactly what you changed and if it relates to an open issue, reference that issue (just include the issue number in the title like this: #49)

### Windows installation fix

If you are running this project on Windows and your `npm install` failed, you will need to install the following tools:
- [x] Install [Python 2.7.3](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/2.7.3/python-2.7.3.amd64.msi). Do not install a newer version (>= 3.0) because those are not supported by `node-gyp`
- [x] Open a new CMD (Run as Administrator) and run `setx PYTHON C:\Python27\python.exe /m` or your installation path. Check you have the **PYTHON** environment variable set up
- [x] Install [Visual Studio 2015 Community Edition](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=532606&clcid=0x409).
  * If you already have it, create a new C++ Project and install the **Common Tools for Visual C++** during setup
- [x] Open a new CMD and run `npm install -g node-gyp`
- [x] Restart CMD (Run as administrator) and try `npm install` again

#### Important:

* Please stick to the project's existing coding style. Coding styles don't need to have a consensus, they just need to be consistent :smile:
* Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository. Your branch should be based on the `master` branch
* When submitting a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/), please elaborate as much as possible about the change, your motivation for the change, etc.


### Reporting Bugs

Bugs are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues). If you found a bug with xplore, the quickest way to get help would be to look through existing open and closed [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues?q=is%3Aissue). If the issue is already being discussed and hasn't been resolved yet, you can join the discussion and provide details about the problem you are having. If this is a new bug, please open a [new issue](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues/new).

When you are creating a bug report, please include as much detail as possible.

* Fill in the predefined template provided.
* Use a clear and descriptive title for the issue to identify the problem.
* Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem. Share the relevant code to reproduce the issue if possible.
* Try to isolate the issue as much as possible, reducing unrelated code until you get to the minimal amount of code in which the bug still reproduces. This is the most important step to help the community solve the issue.

### Feature Requests and Ideas

We track discussions of new features, proposed changes, and other ideas as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues). If you would like to discuss one of those, please first look through existing open and closed [GitHub issues](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues?q=is%3Aissue) and see if there is already a discussion on this topic which you can join. If there isn't, please open a [new issue](https://github.com/DAVfoundation/xplore/issues/new).

When discussing new ideas or proposing changes, please take the time to be as descriptive as possible about the topic at hand. Please take the time to explain the issue you are facing, or the problem you propose to solve in as much detail as possible.
